feat(swarm): separate errors for pending inbound and outbound connection (#5861)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: swarm/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.47.0
> - Separate the `PendingConnectionError` into two parts `PendingOutboundConnectionError` and `PendingInboundConnectionError` to have better control over error handling. See [PR]()
> 
> ## 0.46.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.47.0

- Separate the `PendingConnectionError` into two parts `PendingOutboundConnectionError` and `PendingInboundConnectionError` to have better control over error handling. See [PR 5861](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5861)
```

Merged entries since we won't release a `0.46.1`.

Author: Done
